Do you have any idea what you're saying?
We were all over.
Kill me.
Are you off your meds?
You really think working for the thorn group is that impressive.
My background is way more impressive than that.
Yeah.
You piece of shit.
Like the thorn group would have anything to do with trash like you.
I'm going to count to three if you don't get your little ass over here and kneel in
front of me and Divina and apologize.
I'll send you to hell.
Three.
So you can't talk to me.
You can't talk to me like that.
You piece of shit.
Guys, gifts are ready.
Good.
Mr. Leo is back.
He met an angelic girl who took care of him all these years.
Let's go welcome them back.
Ma'am, Jack Dyson has already gone to welcome Leo.
It'll take about an hour to get to his address.
I'll tell the driver to take the thorn express highway.
I need to be there in 30 minutes.
Jack Ma'am.
Homie, you still got some fight left, huh?
Fuck it.
I got no use for you.
Wait!
Look, we're such an idiot.
It's an honor to be with Mr. Jokesa.
Why do you have to bring everyone down for your useless boyfriend?
Go with Mr. Jokesa.
No!
But go with me again.
Is it me?
This is him?
This dead dog over me?
I'm going to take your girl right in front of you.
What?
No, he won't touch me.
Listen up, shitface.
Touch her again and you'll regret everything.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
My father is the manager at the thorn group.
You're going to wish you were still in that coma.
I'm your deputy manager.
You think that's impressive?
What I think is you keep talking shit and you're going to find my foot up your ass.
Kiss my ass to fucking arrogant freak.
Say it again.
Say it again!
You cripple after I take your girl and blow your fucking head off.
Whose head are you planning to blow off?
Head of the Memphis stone group.
I can't believe I'm seeing him in person.
It's the ear.
Jack Dyson?
Mm-hmm.
Mr. Jack, can I have your number?
No.
Mr. Dyson.
A lot of time no see, but it's the occasion.
Mom?
Dad, what are you doing here?
Well, we came with Mr. Dyson to welcome the heir of the thorn group.
Why you here?
The heir of the thorn group.
There's no pawns here.
This is just with these, these and this broke back loser in the chair.
Ugh.
Mr. Leo.
Sir, you know him?
He does not deserve your attention.
Respect me.
Shut up, Joseph.
I did not expect you to get in such trouble.
Oh, girl.
I'm in trouble.
Ma'am, sir.
I am very sorry.
Sir, why are you bowing to him?
Mr. Dyson.
Bailies are all fools.
That man in the wheelchair.
There's nothing but a crippled beggar with only a quarter to his name.
You must have the wrong person.
Yeah, he's right, boss.
These nasty people don't deserve your respect.
If they're nasty people, what does that make you?
A dirty piece of shit?
Boss?
As general manager of the Memphis thorn group, I offer my sincerest blessings to Mr. Leo.
The esteemed heir of the thorn group.
Welcome home, Mr. Leo.
Kevin, did I hear that right?
That's the heir in the thorn group.
There's no ripple, Leo.
Him?
I'm having a nightmare.
This?
The heir in the thorn group?
This guy?
Shut up, Joseph.
You have seriously messed up.
No, no.
No way.
Mr. Vina, I am such an idiot for declining your application.
I feel ashamed of my arrogance and foolish ignorance.
Please forgive me.
I'm not sure I understand what's actually going on.
Leo, are you?
The heir?
And I know I should have told you sooner, but I just didn't want to scare you away.
This is crazy.
Leo, Dabina has done so much for you.
You have to cherish her.
Of course, Daniel and Bill, you have my work.
And you and the important.
And everyone here who has helped take care of me.
I will make sure that your lives are easy and that you have everything that you want in the world.
Especially.
Now, Jack, I don't imagine you came here empty-handed.
Show them the gifts.
Yes, sir.
A gold mine in South Africa with gold reserves of 2 million ounces.
The value of assessment?
Over 5 billion.
Now, we present it to the dear Mr. Vina.
Jesus!
Oh my!
Billion dollar gold mine!
Sorry, I don't think I understand.
That's the line from Lucinda.
I don't say anything.
Ladies and gentlemen, no need to make a fuss.
These are just small tokens of sincerity from the Thorne Group.
There are many more gifts to come.
Is that the?
Is that the legendary?
The Musaev Red Diamond.
And Patek Phillip Ladies Watch.
Master Kelly designed and forged it with great care.
It is a symbol of status.
A one-of-a-kind gift.
We present to Mr. Vina.
Noah!
We need to get that!
The Red Diamond.
It's the Red Diamond.
Oh my God!
No, Grace, don't do this!
Do you like these gifts, Devina?
These are far too expensive.
Leo, we understand your intentions, but these gifts are way too expensive.
We can't accept them.
Don't worry, Bart.
Nothing in this world is more valuable to me than Devina here.
You're waking up as the only gift I need.
I'm not wrong.
This isn't the heir.
This isn't the fucking heir.
I'm right.
Get him.
You heard the man?
Get him!
No!
Get off!
Mr. Leo.
No.
Listen to me.
It's too late to apologize now.
Go to hell.
No!
Mr. Leo!
Wait!
Joseph didn't mean he didn't mean to offend you.
No, he's a hard-working kid.
You know, he's got a bright future ahead of him.
Please, please.
Please, he needs this job to make a living.
Okay?
Please, just don't take his whole life away for one stupid little mistake.
Yes.
Mr. Leo.
I beg you.
Please.
Forgive Joseph this one time.
He was just trying to teach some poor people a lesson.
He's never really made any mistakes before.
A lesson.
So for you people, making fun of the poor is just trivial.
Yes.
And what's wrong with that?
Those filthy beggars are just like rats.
Millions are born and die everyday.
Joseph was simply speeding up the process.
Is that what you think?
What you're saying is completely outrageous.
Devina's right.
You people make me sick.
Jack, get rid of these scumbags.
Get him!
No!
No, no, no!
No, no!
He's my son.
I can't let you take it.
Come on.
and he terms really so you're trying to negotiate with fun you're gonna make me
do this called Drew Laura called Drew you know Drew you know Drew he's the
senior commander of the Brandore security force yeah so mr. Leo since you're so
incredibly heartless you can take my family off of the thorn group all right
and wait for Drew to find you because he will wait for Drew. Mr. Brandore Leo has
been missing for three years but now he's returned home and he's a real man
and now I can finally make the announcement proudly to the medium that
Leo is my son heir to the Brandore family move on it's time to welcome the
pride of Brandore excuse me Mr. Brandore I gotta take this call what food I
hell would dare disrespect you and Joseph don't you worry I won't teach him a
lesson they ain't never going to get conveniently there's a mercenary from one
of my teens just hanging tight he's on his way
Brandore security contractors the largest mercenary company in the entire
world I'm in our legendary Brandore mercenaries it's been said they are
stronger than the army they even have fighter jets and warships that's right
my brother Drew is not some small man that the phone group can mess with he's a
giant when somebody held this yet the thorn air has nothing on these
mercenaries assault rifles they're apologized to mr. Joseph the Brandore
group you didn't know what that means they could kill all of us Nina just be
quiet for a moment why I am tired of having a school drag me down and you you
and your man better go with mr. Joseph and not drag us into it the only that is
right the Brandore group is mysterious and powerful
he's missing you know there's no need to worry because they are the ones that
should be afraid this big tough guy still pretended to be the thorn air no
what am I gonna do I'm so scared fuck you listen to me I'm gonna take you
right now there's nothing you can do about it and thank me later I'll take good
care of her that's it Jack you're so fucking scared mr. Dyson don't say I
didn't want you Drew is on his way right now if you touch me you'll be the first
to die
guys you thought man I'm gonna tell you about this whoa he's gonna teach you
Drew Aiken he's just a watch dog you just call my boss a watch dog you crazy son
of a bitch it's Henry I'm drifting I happen to be in the area on a mission and
captain sent me to help you deal with some trouble well that's them they're the
ones that caused so much trouble you're disrespecting our leader no don't shoot
nobody don't you to beat up you is the heir to the thorn group and you can't
hard them and it's regular mercy he doesn't give a shit about the thorn
say one more word and I'll send you to Africa to dig mine
no no no to be no don't here I don't want to put you in harm's way I can't just
sit here and watch you sit in danger it's okay and you no matter how strong or
top your team is you have to respect your elders idiots do you know who our
boss is the Brindor group what connects you could you possibly have with the
Brindor group shut up or execute you right now all right let me explain do you
have any idea who mr. Leo's father is he's a beggar and his father's the
beggar too don't wait for a time what are you looking at do you want to die you
are doomed you idiots do you have any idea how powerful mr. Leo's connections
are or how important his background is is the heir to the thorn group important
to me you're just a piece of trash Joseph how you want me to deal with these
fools it's up to you I say I take his girl right in front of him so that's the
last thing he sees before I kill him sounds fun you can't do that how dare you
go for it we'll shut him up for good you're so cold in here
you're gonna make it up to you're gonna be a dead bit what are you gonna do come
on Divina let this corporal watch me take you come back they kill you who this
woman is she is asking who his wife is make way for mr. Cynthia make way
second Commander my apologies miracle what a wonderful show of God's grace
Leo your legs bullshit still putting on a brave face who can you protect
dammit what I want you fucking kill you Leo I can't believe it my child you're
in here in front of me Cynthia Thorne the chairman of the thorn group she's
here a person so sorry for making worry Bob that's Leo's mom hey they're pretty
looking good so you're this beggar's mother looking real good just my type
older I bet you're quite the treatment babe how dare you insult the man like
that how dare you you know that's the last mistake you're gonna make Henry the
last one who the fuck are you and how dare you pull a gun on me you're
about to be a dead man you're a fool you're a fool you've been away from the team
too long too long Henry I'm second commander second second commander he's
second commander no that's impossible how could you be second commander are you
Divina yes ma'am I am it it's wonderful to meet you you're a lovely girl so kind
and generous Leo will be blessed to have you as his wife first commander
Henry what's the matter mr. Brando we're speaking with the governor now I'm
order to come first will be their food commander we have a situation I read it
to the second commander he's still against us he's siding with those who believe
Joseph nonsense what's the cure man his name is this Connor bullshit Connor was
assigned to protect the nonless top ranking figure years ago how could it be
there he's an imposter human is an imposter stop Henry stop you want to be
expelled from the team huh you piece of shit you're not second commander you're
an imposter I should go right now and teach your lesson get your hands off her
let her go no let go of her no you're gonna pay for what you did
do it yet Divina is about to become my wife and not only will she be the wife
but the president of the Thorne group she's also attached to her even more
powerful dangerous family her goal I will make sure you suffer for the
rest of your fucking life keep talking crap you piece of shit the president of
the what do you want release mrs. Divina now I'm gonna blow her brains out of
shooter in the head you think I'm scared you she's true sister if you don't care
about her life let's both you look at this Laura she's committed to sister
kill her she'll make it open with our lives you have the right to do that yes
them I'm okay Drew is an utter fool he can't even control his own man if I
already tell him to die you wouldn't utter a single ball you're finally here
but they wanted to shoot me drew who's he who's talking is bullshit oh it's a
woman foolish woman Divina we're in real trouble here those mercenaries have
really shown up and they have the brand-or-groups backing what do we do isn't it
obvious Divina all this trouble is caused by your damn boyfriend just
apologize to mr. Drew this is all my fault I don't want to drag you all
into this this is just on me but I mean Leo and his bonds to F for us they've
been an ally to us they can't just append and then here he is kneeled down
the bank for mercy commander Drew is the leader of the brand-all mercenary
company mr. Brando's right-hand man the thorn group is nothing
far from you what do we do the brand-or-group is too powerful we can't find them
I can do this who would have bastard you've done this to you
Connor is that you what the hell you doing you're trying to betray us all
command the drew I'm on a mission mission my ass holster that weapon the
line before I slap you right we're gonna do that or no take it from the slap so
you're the commander of the brand-or mercenary group and you don't even know
which people just supposed to be protected it's a shame all the brand
our money is going to waste shit how dare you disrespect the Baron door
you're gonna pay yeah you are the one who is going to pay I'm
important death I've heard about your brave legacy but today you are acting
very foolish you don't need to say another word because as of today your
title is removed and you are gonna suffer retribution for everything you have
done today you're funny honey in a bit dumb but you do got a nice little body
since you heard about my legacy why don't you come up be my baby darling let
me show you first I don't touch her keep your filthy hands off of me oh what
you think you're doing stopping a woman is a side of weakness don't you think I
won't slap me a woman you'd be honored to sleep with me you dirty bitch you
pathetic piece of shit any woman that sleeps with you must be miserable you're
gonna wish that you were never born even now God can't save you
you're sick of that little mouth ears boy how about I fuck your mom right in front
of you right now then we got mouth gonna say mr. Brandor good to see you the
address you gave me isn't far at all we'll be able to see young mr. Brandor
soon how's the temperature in the car it's fine Colbert's but if you don't mind
please make it a little bit cooler certainly sir hello my darling did you
miss me you flew old donkey where the hell are you someone here not only wants to
kill your child but he's also sexually harassing your wife what goodbye Cynthia
my darling who's saying such things tell me his name what happened mr. Brandor
someone just threatened my son and threatened my wife with rape what who
give me to the address in ten minutes governor don't you think you owe me an
explanation as to how this is happening to my family mr. Brandor our sum in the
state troops that way you have the right to command them I assure you anyone who
disrespects Brandor will be buried under Memphis bullets think you're calling
the honey your savior ain't nobody gonna save you just piling on the corpse when
they get here and realize they crossed the Brandor mercenary commander they'll
piss their pants and run like rats you wait on my husband gets here let's see
who pisses their pants then husband you hear that Joseph we got a wild one here
she won't freeze how dare you you sexist scuff see that field over there when my
father gets here that'll be your grave how dare you disrespect commander Drew
what you're just is delinquent is your father and when he gets here you'll die
right next to him you should enjoy your last happy moment as soon you won't even
be able to cry well I've had enough get down on your knees and make me for
goodness stop danger that'll never happen in my daydreams that we use it
Joseph the leader wake up he can't protect you don't you get it once I'm
done with you I'm gonna sell you off to the broth that way you're broken just like
him if you care so much about him let's let him watch I'm gonna be little him
right in front of you how's that little Leo come here come here you fucking asshole
get down make me for your forgiveness go ahead faster you don't fall into a
drop don't worry did you know then you Joseph I'm sorry to say that today's your
death day my death day we'll see you it's buried first Drew why don't you go and
play close quarters with mom here we'll see if he's still smiling
this is best idea you had all day juice why not
faster don't touch me asshole you can't say that to Miss Cynthia you don't have
the capacity to care for anyone else so I don't you take care of mom I'll make
them wish he was dead we're going scum you burn and hell for this police
listen to the end of you know right now are you crazy Daniel put it down you're
gonna make us kill you
now we're supposed to play with guns you even know how to use this thing let me
show you